README.rst, before:

===========
Hsl_Display
===========


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/shiimu/hsl_display.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.com/shiimu/hsl_display

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/hsl-display/badge/?version=latest
        :target: https://hsl-display.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest
        :alt: Documentation Status


Rewrite of https://github.com/shiimu/Bustimes
-------



* Free software: BSD license
* Documentation: https://hsl-display.readthedocs.io.

Installation And Setup
--------
* Install

    * git clone https://github.com/shiimu/Hsl_Display.git
    * cd Hsl_Display
    * python3 -m start.py


* Setup
    * Follow the onscreen instructions
    * Point your web browser to localhost:5000
    * Ctrl + C to quit



Features
--------

* TODO

    * Simple installation
        * Add fluid setup and reconfiguration
    * Multiple bus stops in a simple way
    * Configure custom bus stops
    * Weather API
    * Low maintenance.

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage

Commit message:

Dev-2.4.23-Update-Readme-Installation-Guide.4+docs-Documentation

README.rst, after:

===========
Hsl_Display
===========

.. image:: §https://readthedocs.org/projects/hsl-display/badge/?version=latest
        :target: https://github.com/shiimu/Hsl_Display/docs/DOCUMENTATION.rst
        :alt: Documentation Status


Rewrite of https://github.com/shiimu/Bustimes
-------



* Free software: BSD license

* Simple web app displaying the bus times of the bus stop of your choosing


Installation And Setup
--------
* Install

    * git clone https://github.com/shiimu/Hsl_Display.git
    * cd Hsl_Display
    * python3 -m start.py


* Setup
    * Follow the onscreen instructions
    * Point your web browser to localhost:5000
    * Ctrl + C to quit



Features
--------

* TODO

    * Simple installation
        * Add fluid setup and reconfiguration
    * Multiple bus stops in a simple way
    * Configure custom bus stops
    * Weather API
    * Low maintenance.

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage
